Docs/packer seo templates batch1 (#13282)
hashicorp/packer: website/content/docs/templates/hcl_templates/blocks/build/source.mdx

---
description: >

>   A `source` block nested in a `build` block reuses a builder defined

Reviewer: How would you feel about using the sentence you have below instead? It feels more descriptive:
```suggestion
  Add a nested `source` block to your `build` block to reuse a builder defined elsewhere in your configuration.
```

  elsewhere in the configuration. Learn how to configure a nested `source` block.
page_title: source block reference
---

> # `source` block

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# `source` block reference
```

Reviewer: I'll stop leaving this because I figure it'll be easier for you to do in your IDE than apply a bunch of suggestions 😅
